src/README.md, before:

<!-- generated by markdown-notes-tree -->

# src

<!-- optional markdown-notes-tree directory description starts here -->

<!-- optional markdown-notes-tree directory description ends here -->

- [**backend**](backend)
    - [**dbadapters**](backend/dbadapters)
- [**frontend**](frontend)
    - [**api**](frontend/api)
        - [**errors**](frontend/api/errors)
    - [**assets**](frontend/assets)
        - [**icons**](frontend/assets/icons)
        - [**images**](frontend/assets/images)
    - [**components**](frontend/components)
        - [**layout**](frontend/components/layout)
            - [**ctabutton**](frontend/components/layout/ctabutton)
            - [**desktopNav**](frontend/components/layout/desktopNav)
            - [**directory**](frontend/components/layout/directory)
            - [**header**](frontend/components/layout/header)
            - [**heroBanner**](frontend/components/layout/heroBanner)
            - [**landingLogin**](frontend/components/layout/landingLogin)
            - [**login**](frontend/components/layout/login)
            - [**logout**](frontend/components/layout/logout)
            - [**menuItem**](frontend/components/layout/menuItem)
            - [**modal**](frontend/components/layout/modal)
            - [**nav**](frontend/components/layout/nav)
            - [**productCards**](frontend/components/layout/productCards)
            - [**productFeed**](frontend/components/layout/productFeed)
            - [**products**](frontend/components/layout/products)
            - [**sidebar**](frontend/components/layout/sidebar)
            - [**signup**](frontend/components/layout/signup)
            - [**signupModal**](frontend/components/layout/signupModal)
        - [**pages**](frontend/components/pages)
            - [**about**](frontend/components/pages/about)
            - [**cart**](frontend/components/pages/cart)
            - [**checkoutpg**](frontend/components/pages/checkoutpg)
            - [**orderpg**](frontend/components/pages/orderpg)
            - [**productspg**](frontend/components/pages/productspg)
            - [**signin**](frontend/components/pages/signin)
    - [**reduxglobalstore**](frontend/reduxglobalstore)
    - [**reduxslices**](frontend/reduxslices)
    - [**services**](frontend/services)
- [**jest**](jest)
    - [**db_tests**](jest/db_tests)

Commit message:

added some messages in README.md files

src/README.md, after:

<!-- generated by markdown-notes-tree -->

# src

<!-- optional markdown-notes-tree directory description starts here -->
- /src containes all the main folders & files that consist of the Shopper.com application
<!-- optional markdown-notes-tree directory description ends here -->

- [**backend**](backend)
    - [**dbadapters**](backend/dbadapters)
- [**frontend**](frontend)
    - [**api**](frontend/api)
        - [**errors**](frontend/api/errors)
    - [**assets**](frontend/assets)
        - [**icons**](frontend/assets/icons)
        - [**images**](frontend/assets/images)
    - [**components**](frontend/components)
        - [**layout**](frontend/components/layout)
            - [**ctabutton**](frontend/components/layout/ctabutton)
            - [**desktopNav**](frontend/components/layout/desktopNav)
            - [**directory**](frontend/components/layout/directory)
            - [**header**](frontend/components/layout/header)
            - [**heroBanner**](frontend/components/layout/heroBanner)
            - [**landingLogin**](frontend/components/layout/landingLogin)
            - [**login**](frontend/components/layout/login)
            - [**logout**](frontend/components/layout/logout)
            - [**menuItem**](frontend/components/layout/menuItem)
            - [**modal**](frontend/components/layout/modal)
            - [**nav**](frontend/components/layout/nav)
            - [**productCards**](frontend/components/layout/productCards)
            - [**productFeed**](frontend/components/layout/productFeed)
            - [**products**](frontend/components/layout/products)
            - [**sidebar**](frontend/components/layout/sidebar)
            - [**signup**](frontend/components/layout/signup)
            - [**signupModal**](frontend/components/layout/signupModal)
        - [**pages**](frontend/components/pages)
            - [**about**](frontend/components/pages/about)
            - [**cart**](frontend/components/pages/cart)
            - [**checkoutpg**](frontend/components/pages/checkoutpg)
            - [**orderpg**](frontend/components/pages/orderpg)
            - [**productspg**](frontend/components/pages/productspg)
            - [**signin**](frontend/components/pages/signin)
    - [**reduxglobalstore**](frontend/reduxglobalstore)
    - [**reduxslices**](frontend/reduxslices)
    - [**services**](frontend/services)
- [**jest**](jest)
    - [**db_tests**](jest/db_tests)
